[MASWE-0009] Add Weak Cryptographic Key Generation (by appknox) (#2849)
OWASP/owasp-mastg: demos/android/MASVS-CRYPTO/MASTG-DEMO-0009/MASTG-DEMO-0009.md

---
platform: android
title: Weak Cryptographic Key Generation

> tools: [semgrep]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
tools: [MASTG-TOOL-0105]
```

code: [java]
id: MASTG-DEMO-0009

> test: MASTG-TEST-0206

Reviewer: ```suggestion
test: MASTG-TEST-0208
```

---

### Sample

{{ MastgTest_keylength.java }}

### Steps

Let's run our semgrep rule against the sample code.

{{ ../../../../rules/mastg-android-weak-crypto-key-generation.yml }}

{{ run.sh }}

### Observation

> The rule has identified all the location in the code file where weak cipher key is used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The rule has identified all the location in the code file where weak cipher keys are used.
```
